picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/black-bangs.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/black-longhawk.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/black-messy.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/black-pixie.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/black-plain.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/blonde2-bangs.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/blonde2-longhawk.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/blonde2-messy.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/blonde2-pixie.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/blonde2-plain.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/blue2-bangs.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/blue2-longhawk.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/blue2-messy.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/blue2-pixie.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/blue2-plain.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/redhead2-bangs.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/redhead2-longhawk.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/redhead2-messy.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/redhead2-pixie.png
picture/Character_assets/MALE/Male - Hair/redhead2-plain.png
picture/Character_assets/empty.png
